China’s Internet gene pays more attention to the “human” factor, and the transformation of “human” service mode is the primary production factor of Internet development. From free economy to service optimization, from demand response to demand satisfaction, the diversification of user interaction promotes the rapid transformation of user demand release, and the development of China’s Internet is more in progress. The national characteristics are also more subversive and vitality.

**The Pain Point of Centralized Search**

Nowadays, the field of information technology has entered the era of big data, cloud computing, and technological innovation of the Internet is constantly breaking through. Search engine, as the entrance of network information and the first Internet application tool, will also change. At present, the development of search engine technology is relatively backward, and there are relatively few distributed search engine technology solutions. Most traditional search engines adopt centralized architecture. The centralized architecture has the following shortcomings: first, the reliability of the system is poor, the centralized architecture has limited computing power and can not cope with a large number of data and information; second, the system is not scalable enough to cope with the increasingly complex data processing needs. At the same time, the user size of search engines is still expanding, even exceeding the coverage of communication tools.

IPSOU is to solve this pain point, give full play to the best performance of distributed search engine, have better reliability and scalability, it will integrate distributed technology into search engine, and guide the development direction of distributed search engine.

**Great Potential of Distributed Search Engine**

According to the 43rd Statistical Report on the Development of Internet in China issued by China Internet Information Center, as of December 2018, the number of Internet users in China had reached 829 million, with 56.53 million new Internet users added throughout the year, and the number of users showed a growing trend. The Internet ushers in the era of big data, and search engines are also facing considerable challenges.

The application scope of distributed search engine is gradually expanding, such as large e-commerce (Ali, Jingdong, etc.) and portal (Sina, Tencent, etc.) centralized search, which is difficult to develop nowadays. At the same time, distributed search represented by IPSOU emerges as the times require. In the future, open source code will be gradually realized, which has great potential for development.

**People urgently need it**

In the distributed search mode of IPSOU, all information on the Internet should be unique, permanent and can be searched according to content on the distributed peer-to-peer network. Distributed search engine uses distributed computing technology architecture, so that each computer in the whole cluster cooperates to complete crawling, indexing and search functions. Distributed search engine not only solves some problems faced by traditional search engines, such as the low information processing of massive data, the inefficiency of indexing and searching, but also has better security performance, stronger fault tolerance, higher efficiency, more convenient maintenance, and makes its service more and more perfect.

Distributed search makes use of distributed technology, which enables multiple computers to be connected in series, has greater storage and computing power, and lower deployment cost. It undoubtedly provides a broader research platform and development space for universities, enterprises and other research institutions, and also provides a new way for intellectual property protection. Fast and efficient information processing can meet the needs of knowledge acquisition of the public and create great social value.

American Internet search user habits are more solid, focusing on user experience, stable industry structure, and typical companies such as Google seek breakthroughs through technological innovation. Google uses search as a dot to extend its business upstream and downstream. China’s search industry is more in line with the domestic environment, gradually forming its own development characteristics, attaching importance to “people” services and doing “the most knowledgeable search engine”.

This year will be the key year for the development of search engine innovation. Everyone is exploring the development of innovative diversified “demand market after distributed search”, trying to seize the voice of the client. At the same time, the mining of users’needs and refined management will continue to deepen. In the future, distributed search will gradually expand from demand satisfaction to value realization.

IPSOU is the world’s first IPFS-based search engine application landing project, the world’s first intelligent distribution of advertising revenue search platform. Integrating AI + block chain + distributed storage + search engine algorithm capabilities, IPSOU puts forward the value goal of “trillion market, 1000 times dividend”, aiming to seize the search field highland in the block chain industry with the help of the first-mover advantage of the project. More globalized community operation capability, to build a new user ecology, has tremendous development potential and market space.

Its circulation economic model has a high growth value. The five steps of value-added logic are: issuing Token, internal circulation mining, external circulation, owner incentive, internal and external integration. As the application scenario mining continues to issue Token, and set more scenarios to encourage users to continue mining, the docking exchange forms Token circulation, through setting incentives to incentives for holders, so that the inner-cycle mining behavior drives the outer-cycle investment behavior, forming more people holding Token state, and after the completion of mining, Token circulation is formed. When entering the full circulation model, the foundation completes the Token transaction directly at the market price for each new excavation scenario. Continuous mining behavior in the application scenario will inevitably result in the scarcity of liquidity, thus forming a deflation model, driving the unit price appreciation of Token, and making all holders of Token share the prosperity dividend.

Secondly, ecological construction is also indispensable. Search first has traffic entrance. IPSO will provide massive data for IPFS ecology, and give Token incentives to users who provide data to obtain a large number of users. With a large number of users and data, the traditional search engine’s search tasks, portals, advertising platforms, video libraries, libraries, application stores, reward functions and other scenarios will be applied in the whole ecological construction: advertisers purchase IPSO and publish advertisements, users view and share advertisements to obtain IPSO; Video producers sell videos (movies, etc.) to get IPSO, and users pay IPSO to watch videos. IPSO will form a huge benign closed-loop ecosystem.

The market value of distributed search is promising! Constant construction and promotion will surely inject new vitality, increase inexhaustible momentum and share the dividends of search and development for the common prosperity and development of all countries in the world.
