Recently, the "Headline Search" web page version of byte bouncing search engine has been quietly launched.This is undoubtedly hostile and uneasy for Baidu, Sogou, 360 and other search engines.Although the world has suffered for a long time, Google,Baidu such a centralized search engine, but more is a homogeneous search engine, in addition to just said a few enterprises, in other areas, this matter has not caused much water.But in the block chain world, there is a search engine. With its distributed, decentralized and trustworthy features, it has gained a lot of peeping eyes in the industry as soon as it comes out.

**It is a trusted search incentive system for distributed storage, IPSOU.**

**IPSOU's grand vision can be summed up in eight words - letter search world, value return!**

Ideals are ambitious, but how does IPSOU work? What's the difference between search results and traditional search engines? Who can better satisfy users'search needs?With these questions, we knocked on the office door of Zhang Ping, the co-founder of IPSOU.

As the old saying goes, if you rank data, houses, oil and gold, most intellectuals should rank data in NO. 1, except for social animals and middle school children.Data is the food and clothing parents of Internet companies.For these Internet giants, selling privacy has long been no surprise, the most annoying is data profit.You think you are the user of every app on your mobile phone, but in fact you are the object of their profit. Like a girl's favorite Taobao, the column "Guess what you like" is exactly what you like.You have no secrets in front of apps.

Take the search engine as an example.Traditional search engines use giant spider-and-crawler technology to capture centralized Internet data for profit. However, these data are essentially generated by users. Traditional search engines do not share benefits with users, but form a data monopoly. Zhang Pingkan talked about it.Such a relatively closed and profit-driven search engine is obviously not what we want.

But before block chain technology came out, we had to rely on it despite our hatred. We watched our data being sold and received countless spam advertisements every day, but we could not do anything about it.

**So, how does IPSOU do this?**

In the first step, IPSOU will clarify the ownership of data and solve the problem of unethical data grabbing.It is a distributed search engine based on IPFS, which can store all search data and user data in the distributed network permanently and safely.IPSOU uses free search service mode, in order to make the search target query more accurate and rich, we use incentive sharing. There are two main types of data sharing, one is common material data, the other is their preference data, preference data can be encrypted and saved.On IPSOU, users can get rewards for uploading data and reviewing data.

**The ultimate goal of IPSOU is user first!**

Therefore, they learn from the millet hiring users as product managers, so that users have a great degree of participation, along with the product growth.Typical Internet thinking, put in the block chain, is equally effective.This solves the problem of data privacy leakage and user revenue?The answer is yes. But we also want to get a glimpse of the deeper technical principles.

A few days ago, I heard that today's headline out of the search engine, I have a whim, in Baidu search Zhang Yiming, the search out of the previous several news,"Today's headline employees call Zhang Yiming underworld"and"Zhang Yiming suddenly resigned today's headline CEO". It can be seen that Baidu is hostile to today's headlines.

I went to search for Robin Li today, and it turned out to be more interesting. splashing water "continues to maintain its heat. Neither of the two giants maintained their manners in the face of their competitors. But it also shows that the search engine is controllable. Does IPSOU have such a scenario? Especially in the future if you have competitors?

Zhang Ping laughed and waved his hand. He was sure to tell me that he could not and would not!IPSOU and IPFS are common, the data searched on IPSOU is closely related to the data on IPFS, so how to present and how to sequence the data is based on the heat of the data on IPFS, we can not control it artificially.In this dimension, block chains are more inclusive and prudent than the Internet.

**Let's see how IPSOU works.**

Distributed storage is very popular. Most of the Chinese people follow the trend to make a replication project.But IPSOU is very smart. It chooses the vertical subdivision field, and the target is the traditional search engine which has been criticized for a long time. It belongs to the pain point of piercing the sky.In the next few years, data throughput will usher in an explosive growth of order of magnitude, while the speed of reading and writing data disks on a single node has not increased by order of magnitude. Centralized data storage will be difficult to meet the throughput requirements of data, and the drawbacks will become more and more prominent. Distributed data storage will solve this problem perfectly. Zhang Ping said.

IPSOU can't build a competitive barrier in a short time if we think only from the perspective of search, because it can't compete with traditional search engine manufacturers in semantics analysis, big data analysis, artificial intelligence, natural language processing and so on.
There are still many unsatisfactory places to use IPSOU now.Zhang Ping laughed and showed me.Use IPSOU to search for bosses, 158 pieces of information come out, and click one in at random. The loaded video will be played completely in no more than 2 seconds.

**I was surprised at the speed of IPSOU. Compared with Baidu, it's not slow at all.**

Baidu search bosses, out of the information should be hundreds of millions. Massive news for your reference. Compared with the volume of Baidu, it is really very few. Zhang Ping took back his mobile phone.I laughed and said, Yes, but the first five items on Baidu's home page are definitely bidding advertisements.

**Will IPSOU be embedded in advertisements in the future?**

Yes, but in order to avoid the harassment of spam advertising and strive for the interests of users, IPSOU has long thought of countermeasures.It sets up a coordinator role in the whole de-centralized advertising market. It coordinates the precise information of users with the needs of advertisers, publishes it through intelligent contracts, and trades under an open and transparent mechanism, so that both advertisers and ordinary users can benefit.

This system enables all participants to be a community of interests.

Compared with the traditional search engine platform, middlemen earn the best benefit from the difference, while advertisers and ordinary users lose both. The new generation of de-centralized search engine platform will build advertisers and ordinary users into a community of consistent interests, so as to achieve a win-win situation.

We all know that IPFS network to achieve a more stable operation, it needs more nodes to join in, these nodes join in by contributing storage space and network resources to obtain mining benefits.IPSOU will develop a client in the future. Users can freely allocate the storage space and network resources of their PC and mobile devices to join the IPFS network as a node. At the same time, this client is also a wallet of block chain, which can easily dig into IPSOU's passport.

When Filecoin, the incentive layer of IPFS, comes online, we will also be compatible with Filecoin's wallet, and users will be able to easily dig both Filecoin and IPSO passes. If ordinary users take out a part of storage space to mine, it does not dominate the whole mining ecology, but because ordinary users share idle resources, and the content they share is more advantageous in dimension and richness, their search and mining benefits will be higher, and the resources will be gained by adding the management experience of the owner. Update and maintain.

Traditional search engines can not introduce block chain incentive mechanism in a short time. This time gives IPSOU a short window of opportunity and brings opportunities for creating more open search engines.

Zhang Ping said, Centralized search engine and centralized advertising market, although there are many drawbacks, but it has the advantage of efficiency.in fact, is the sense of experience.In view of the block chain is still sinking, inefficiency is congenital inadequacy, which is an unavoidable problem for all block chain projects.Why do you want to be a search engine?I said.

Search service is currently able to integrate perfectly with IPFS protocol, and it is also an urgent application requirement on the IPFS protocol layer.IPSOU is by no means just a search engine. Its ultimate vision is to make this search engine a distributed, licensing incentive platform, based on which it can make more applications and innovations at the bottom.

Only when the storage of data on IPFS becomes mainstream and the data has a corresponding heat, can the long tail data be found through search engines, while most of the hot data will be displayed to C-end users through video portals, news portals and so on. Therefore, IPFS can be said to be the foundation of IPSOU. 

In view of this situation, the top priority of the IPSOU team is to do community operation. In addition to employing users as product experience officers, IPSOU has also stepped up its pace to do some action of literacy science popularization, bringing more incremental users to IPFS.
